Explain Data available in Fluid templates (#475)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-Typoscript: Documentation/ContentObjects/Fluidtemplate/Index.rst

or to generate content within the top-level object page
(see :ref:`the example on this page <cobj-fluidtemplate-examples>`).

Data available in Fluid templates
=================================

The following data will be available in the called Fluid template:

*  The content of the current :php:`data` array. 

   *  On page level it contains the current page record. 
   *  If the :typoscript:`FLUIDTEMPLATE` is used in the 
      context of the Fluid ViewHelper :html:`<f:cObject>` it contains the data set 

>       in the Fluid Property :ref:`data <<t3viewhelper:cobject_data>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      in the Fluid Property :ref:`data <t3viewhelper:cobject_data>`.
```

or to generate content within the top-level object page
(see :ref:`the example on this page <cobj-fluidtemplate-examples>`).

Data available in Fluid templates
=================================

The following data will be available in the called Fluid template:

*  The content of the current :php:`data` array. 

>    *  On page level it would contain
>       the content of the current page record. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *  On page level it contains the current page record. 
```

>    *  If the FLUIDTEMPLATE is used in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *  If the :ts:`FLUIDTEMPLATE` is used in the 
```

      context of the Fluid ViewHelper :html:`<f:cObject>` it contains the data set 
      in the Fluid Property :ref:`data <<t3viewhelper:cobject_data>`.
   *  If called in the context of Extbase it contains the data assigned to the view 
      in the :ref:`Controller <t3extbasebook:controllers>`.
      
*  The :php:`settings` array set by the parameter 
   :ref:`settings <cobj-fluidtemplate-properties-settings>`
*  Variables set by the setting 
   :ref:`variables <cobj-fluidtemplate-properties-variables>`
*  Additional data retrieved by 
   :ref:`data processors <cobj-fluidtemplate-properties-dataprocessing>`
   
You can use the ViewHelper :ref:`debug <t3viewhelper:typo3fluid-fluid-debug>` to 

> receive a complete listing of the availible data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
receive a complete listing of the available data using the magic `{_all}` variable:
```
